How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here: A diff between two versions of a file can help me quickly notice 
    which change in text might lead to the mistakes, 
    so I will easily trouble shoot the very one change that causes this bug.(20181227)

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here: Having easy access to the entire history of a file can let me compare two versions easily, and once I track down the error, I can fix the bug and make the program rerun quickly.   

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here：Manually choosing when to create a commit is more flexible for us to commit the version based on one logic change, but maybe sometimes we forget to commit on proper time. Having versions automatically saved can help us save versions on time, but sometimes maybe the change is more than or less than a logic change when it is saved automatically.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here:I think Git allows saving multiple files in one commit because the codes in different files are related to each other, so if one change happens in one file, the relative files all need to be changed.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here：git log, git diff

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here：Git checkout will help me get back to the previous versions, so I can find out the version which the bug starts from.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here:XXX
